Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Excuse me. Excuse me,
I came in a few minutes ago
with a patient,
Steve McGarrett.
On the ambulance,
I remember.
Can you give me the status
on his condition, please?
I'm sorry, there's
no word yet.
Um, can you make a call
or is there a doctor
I can speak to?
Can I please speak...
Who's his doctor?
Governor...
What the hell happened
out there, Weston?
I'm sorry, sir. This is
all... it's my fault.
I don't want apologies,
I want explanations.
I specifically told
you to keep me
informed of every step
of this investigation.
Instead, my head of
security is getting
third-hand information
from HPD.
Sir, we had just cause;
the suspect was fleeing.
Time was of the essence.
We had to make a call.
The call you should've
made was to me.
In case you
forgot, Weston,
I assigned you
to this task force
to prevent exactly
this kind of disaster.
Yes, sir.
When this is all over, you're
going to have to make a choice:
the state of Hawaii
or Five-O.
Code Blue to the ER,
Room 4.
Nurse, I need you!
(Hawaii Five-O
theme song plays)
♪ Hawaii Five-O 2x16 ♪
I Helu Pu (The Reckoning)
Original Air Date on Febuary 13, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
Look, I know this
isn't what you had planned
for your 48-hour weekend.
Would I rather be drinking beers
at Haleiwa Joe's right now?
Sure.
Look, I get it.
I get it.
Look, you can't
turn down the governor
when he invites you
as his special guest.
Especially when, uh, the
plates are $5,000 a pop,
and he bought the whole table.
Ooh.
That being said, you look
absolutely beautiful
in your dress tonight.
Thank you.
Don't get used to it,
'cause the second
this thing's over,
these heels are coming off.
I was hoping you were
going to say that.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
this is just a reminder
that the silent auction
will be closing
in five minutes.
So, please, put your
final bids in now.
The Clean Coast Fund
needs your dollars
to preserve Hawaii's
precious marine environment.
Mahalo, everyone.
Well, look who is pitching in
to, uh, to save the environment.
This is the steal
of the century.
Season tickets, 50-yard line,
half face value. I'm in.
Didn't know you
were a fan, Danny.
That's 'cause
he's not.
- Excuse me. Excuse me.
- Yeah.
A) I'm a huge football fan.
And B) the Warriors
uniforms remind me
of my beloved
Jets. And C)
this is, uh,
charity. Right?
You're right.
And it's good to see
you got your
priorities straight.
So, excuse me for a second.
What are you doing?
I'm, um... feeling charitable.
Why would
you do that?
You have a very big problem,
you know that?
You're competitive.
He's got you there.
What are you guys talking
about? He's got me?
There's no such thing
as too competitive.
It's like you can't
let somebody be happy.
You got to one-up
everybody all the time.
You know, they got a name
for people like you?
- You know what it is?
- I do, winners. They're called winners.
Incorrect. Toppers.
You are a topper, my friend.
What are
you doing?
I'm sorry, did you
just... One dollar?
You outbid me by one...
He outbids me
by one dollar.
What is this, The
Price is Right?
Hey, did you bid on something?
Hey, no, don't go there.
Oh, your dress
is beautiful.
- Where'd you get it?
- Thank you!
Uh, I got it in this little shop
in Bangkok.
Which is one of the perks
of being stationed overseas.
- What about you, Chin?
- You bid on anything?
Actually, yeah.
I'm about to win
a ukulele lesson
from Jake Shimabukuro.
- How cool is that?
- Cool,
but you know what
would be even cooler, though,
is if you bid on that romantic
getaway weekend to Kauai.
Why is that coolest?
Well, because
he's newly married,
and Valentine's day
is this week.
Unless you already got
Malia something?
For your information,
Malia's old school.
She's perfectly happy
with flowers and chocolates.
Oh, okay, right.
Nothing says
"I love you"
like drugstore candy.
I forgot.
It's better than someone
not remembering at all.
What I'm hearing is, you're
actually okay with chocolates.
Is that right?
Hey, now I'm paranoid.
I got to find something
for Gabby.
Commander McGarrett...
Weston, please.
Excuse me.
Something wrong, sir?
You could say that.
Who is she?
Don't know. The hotel maid only
found her about 20 minutes ago.
I didn't see any ID
on her, no purse.
And all floors have access
to the laundry chute?
That's right. She
could have been dumped
from any one of them.
Okay, if she was a guest
at the fund-raiser,
then we should recognize her,
right? Report her missing.
Well, maybe not.
We're not the only game
in town here tonight.
What do you mean?
There are two
wedding receptions
in the hotel tonight,
along with the fundraiser.
Way she's dressed,
she could've been
at any of them.
Okay, okay.
Listen to me.
We need to shut this
entire hotel down.
Nobody comes,
nobody goes,
unless we see IDs and we get
statements, you understand?
No. We're not causing a
scene like that tonight.
I'm afraid we don't
have a choice, Governor.
This entire hotel
is now a crime scene.
Thank you, Commander,
I'm well aware of that.
But I don't want the
Clean Coast Fund
or any of the guests here
making national news tonight.
So, until you
have all the facts,
I want this
investigation treated
with the utmost care
and discretion.
Are we clear?
Yeah.
Good.
I want regular updates on this,
every step of the way,
you understand?
Of course, Governor.
If I can't contain
a crime scene,
then we've got
potential suspects
walking out the front door.
I hear you, but those suspects
are some of the governor's
closest friends and supporters.
Lori, I don't care, if you're
the Pope or the president,
I want who did this.
Code Blue to the ER,
Room 4.
Somebody go ahead and start CPR.
I need a ventilator.
Pull a milligram
of epinephrine.
Let's go ahead
and clear that airway.
He's got a lot of
blood in his mouth.
Hey, Max. All right,
here's the sample.
Run it and see if
you can get a match.
How'd you get this?
I got it from the O.R.
- You went into an operating room?
- Yeah.
Unsterilized?
I said ASAP, Max.
All right,
so whoever did this,
obviously wrapped this lady up
in towels
and sheets and dumped her
through the chute.
So Chin's grabbing gear
to process a laundry chute.
Try to figure out which
floor she was dumped from.
Nice tux, Max.
What's the occasion?
I was at the fund-raiser.
Why did it take you
so long to get here?
Well, if you must know,
I met someone,
and we decided to leave
the event early
so we could indulge
in some late-night pancakes
at the Wailana Diner.
Nice.
As you can see, the victim
suffered blunt-force trauma
to the back of the head.
Judging by the laceration
and linear-type bruising,
it would appear that
the victim was struck
by a square-shaped object.
Okay. Was that the COD?
Difficult to say.
She was hit over the head, but
she also has light bruising
around the throat
and petechial hemorrhaging,
which would suggest that
the victim was also strangled.
So, why do both?
Well, it's quite possible
that the blow
did not completely
incapacitate her.
Uh, based on her broken
fingernails, which also seem
that she fought back.
With any luck, I might be able
to retrieve some trace evidence
of blood or foreign DNA
from underneath them.
Huh, looks like she was renting
the dress for the night.
What are you talking about?
What does that mean?
That's when there's a fancy
party and it's a dress you want
and it's out of your league.
You buy it and you
return it the next day.
That seems dishonest.
And yet, perfectly legal.
Well, in any case,
if her prints are on the system,
maybe we can use this dress
to get an ID.
In the mean time,
we need to look
at the hotel
security footage.
If we get eyes on our vic,
maybe we can take
a look at the killer.
Hey, anything?
I just scoped the laundry chute
from the 20th floor to the 15th.
So far, no signs of blood.
Okay, so the vic had to
have been dumped below 14.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, for your information,
Malia really does like flowers.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Everyone knows Valentines Day is
for amateurs; Malia gets that.
Okay, I'm just saying,
it doesn't hurt
to make a little effort and
get a girl something nice.
I need to go shopping, don't I?
Yeah.
I'm really sorry your weekend
with Catherine got derailed.
That's fine,
I'll make it up to her.
I'll take her to a
U-H football game or something.
Oh, yeah?
I'll give you a good price
on some tickets,
seeing as I got
the, uh, last bid in.
W-W-Wait, go back, go back.
- That's our victim.
- That's her.
Who's the guy? Date, maybe?
Yeah, or somebody
she met tonight.
Looks like he's had a couple.
Pause it.
What's he got in his hand?
Keycard.
Listen, do you have to,
uh, swipe the room key
to go up in that elevator?
Yeah, that's right.
Can you access information off
of that card?
Yeah, the hotel keeps a
digital log of every swipe.
Let me access the elevator data.
Okay.
We need a room number
and a name.
Room 1121,
part of a block of rooms
reserved for the
Hawika wedding.
Registered under Dennis Mack.
Hold up.
I got blood.
Hey, me, too.
Stairwell door.
Dennis Mack?
Oh, just get back!
All right, get back!
Don't come any closer!
Hey, listen, listen to me.
Get back!
Dennis? Hey.
Dennis, I just want
to talk to you, man, all right?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I am done talking.
She's gone.
She's gone,
and she's never coming back.
Dennis,
listen to me. Dennis!
Listen. Listen to me.
Hey, hey, listen to me.
Hey, hey. No, no, no!
Hey, boss.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I chipped a tooth,
cracked a couple of ribs.
Yeah, fine. Tell me
you got the sample.
Max has it.
We're running the match now.
All right. Without it,
we got nothing.
You understand that, right?
How about Chin? Chin get out?
No.
Excuse me.
All right.
Governor's here.
Go. Go, go, go,
go, go. I got this.
Just the man I was looking for.
Sir,
I take full responsibility for
the actions of my team today.
And by "actions" you mean
the international incident
you just dropped in my lap?
Let me take this
from the beginning.
I just want
to talk, Dennis, okay?
I am done talking.
She's gone.
She's gone,
and she's never coming back.
Dennis,
listen to me. Dennis,
listen. Listen to me.
Hey, hey, no, no, no!
Hey, Steve! Steve!
I leave you alone
for two seconds...
Hey, I asked you
a question, Dennis.
Why'd you do it?
I didn't do anything,
all right?!
April did this to me.
I mean, I caught her
with a groomsman.
You know... a groomsman.
Such a cliché.
Okay, um, so, um,
you killed her because
she was cheating on you?
Wait. What are you...?
What do you mean,
"killed her?"
What are you... what
are you talking about?
Are you saying
that April's dead?
Hey, sober up
and look hard, Dennis.
Hey, look at the photo
right here!
What? What?
Look at this.
Is this woman April? Hey!
Is this... is
this April?
No.
No, that's not her.
Oh, uh, wait
a minute.
Does that mean April's alive?
Listen to me.
Just focus on this picture
right now.
Okay, because
you're the last person
to see this woman here alive.
Who is that?
Uh, wait a second.
Um...
This is the-the chick
from the elevator.
But listen, I-I
swear, all she did
was help me get
back to my room.
The room with the blood
and the clothes torn up,
thrown all over the place.
Those were April's
clothes, okay?
I...
Look, man, I lost it.
I punched the mirror
because I couldn't stand
to look at myself.
That's how you feel
after you see
your girlfriend
banging some other dude.
Anyway, that's why
I went up to the roof.
The woman from the elevator--
where'd you meet her?
You meet her at the wedding?
No. I met her in the... lobby.
Um... I was wasted.
You know, trying to get back
up in my room, and-and...
...she said she forgot her key.
She say anything else?
No, she was on the
phone with someone,
uh, while she was helping me
to the elevator.
Someone she was going to meet.
Meet, uh, where? On your floor?
No.
No, I don't think so.
I mean, the only reason
she got off was to make sure
I made it to my room okay,
you know.
She was nice.
Okay.
Okay, I, uh, I think that
either Jane Doe used this guy
to get up to a higher floor...
Yeah, question is, who
was she going up to see?
Hey.
Hey. Uh, did you get an ID on our vic?
No. Her prints
weren't in the system,
but Chin and Kono found blood
in the laundry chute
on the twelfth floor.
Okay, have HPD do
a room-to-room search,
and give me a body count
of everyone booked in
on that floor.
Five-O! Open up!
- Hold up.
I got the master key
from security.
Whose room is this?
It's reserved by a company
called Garlin International.
It's one of six rooms
they booked on the floor.
Yeah.
All right.
A lot of companies held rooms
for the fund-raiser,
but wound up not
using them.
Happens all the time when
hotels host events like this.
All right, this room
looks completely clean.
No signs of a struggle.
No. You smell that?
Yeah, bleach.
No towels.
No sheets, either.
You know what else is missing?
Every room I've searched had
this square glass vase
right on this table.
Max said our victim was hit
in the head with something
that had a square edge.
Killer must have dumped it.
Signs are obvious.
Someone killed
our victim in this room
and tried to cover it up.
All right, let's have HPD
process this entire room
top to bottom, and see
if we can get any prints
or any
trace evidence.
I'll get on the phone
with Garlin International,
find out who stayed here.
Look at this.
It's like a month's pay.
Uh, can I have your salary?
'Cause that's like
two months pay for me.
Hi.
May I help you?
Yeah, we were wondering
if you could help us
with an investigation.
Do you recognize
this woman?
That's one of my dresses.
Can you
scan this tag and tell us
if she paid with cash
or a credit card?
Yes, here it is.
It was bought with
a credit card.
Woman's name was
Victoria Chase.
Okay, great. Um,
could you print that out, give
us a record of the transaction?
I'll track down the address
and call McGarrett.
All right.
I have the guest lists
from all the events
at the hotel, and yeah,
looks like
there was a Victoria Chase
at the governor's fund-raiser.
The vic lived here?
Yeah, well, according
to the credit card info,
this is where the bills went.
Well, don't you
think it's odd
that somebody who can afford
a $5,000 charity dinner
and lives in a
place like this?
Yeah. Though
I don't think she's local,
'cause there's no record
of a Hawaiian
driver's license with the DMV.
Hey.
Oh, can I help you?
Ma'am, I'm Steve McGarrett,
this is Officer Kalakaua.
We're with Five-O. Ma'am,
I'm sorry to bother you,
but, um, do you happen
to know a Victoria Chase?
What happened?
What happened to Vicky?
I knew
that something was wrong
when she didn't...
when she didn't
come home last night.
I just... I can't..,
I can't...
I can't believe she's gone.
We're very sorry
for your loss.
Amanda, how long had
your sister been living with you?
She, uh...
She came down from Chicago
about a year ago
to help with the baby.
Big sis.
Always looking out
for me, you know?
She say anything to you
about the fund-raiser
last night that she went to?
Or that she was, um,
going to meet anybody?
I didn't know she was going.
I thought
she was working last night.
Where did she work?
She waited tables
at O'Donnell's.
Basically lived on tips.
Amanda, the charity
dinner was $5,000 a plate.
Do you know where she would have
gotten that kind of money?
She told me she was saving
that money for a car.
A charity dinner. I...
I don't know.
It doesn't make sense.
Why would she hide that
from you?
I don't know.
We were close.
You know, we could tell
each other anything.
Our parents died
when we were teenagers and...
...Vicky basically
raised me herself.
Just us
against the world, you know.
Amanda, did Vicky
have any, uh,
jealous boyfriends or enemies?
Anyone who would want
to hurt her?
Honestly, I-I can't
think of a single person.
But whoever did this--
I want them caught,
and I want them punished.
Okay, I'm thinking,
this could just be
a Cinderella story gone bad.
Nice lady, she saves up
to buy a ticket to the ball,
she gets herself
a fancy dress.
Right? And she is looking
for Prince Charming.
Okay, are you saying Vicky
went looking for a husband?
Maybe not a husband,
but, uh,
take it from me, because I know.
Nobody wants to be alone
on Valentine's Day.
I know, but talking
to her sister,
Vicky just didn't seem
like the type.
What about this company
that booked the room,
Garlin International--
what do we know about them?
Well, they are
an international exporter
of transportation equipment
to the Pacific Rim.
Not exactly sexy stuff,
but they do $200
million worth of business
in Asia through
a satellite office on O'ahu.
And also, according
to the guest list,
Garlin bought a whole table
at the fund-raiser.
So, maybe Vicky was going up to
meet someone she met that night?
An executive
from the company?
Yeah, see, that
would make sense.
Except Garlin claims
that no one
from the company
actually attended
the fund-raiser. They gave
the tickets away to clients.
I don't care what they
were claiming. Somebody was
staying in those rooms.
We need their names.
Problem is that Garlin's corporate
headquarters are in New York City.
They're playing phone tag
with us, and blaming it
on the time difference.
Look, there has got to be
a connection
between Vicky Chase
and this company,
Garlin International.
She went up to that room
for a reason.
Hey. So, HPD pulled a print
off the door handle
of our crime scene.
Ex-con named Roger Furman.
He did time for aggravated
assault and battery.
He now works as a bouncer
at O'Donnell's.
That's where Vicky worked.
Not only that.
I looked at her phone records.
Guess who she called ten minutes
before she got on that elevator?
Furman.
He's headed for the woods!
♪
Hey!
That hurts, man.
"That hurts"?
You just jumped out of a window,
and this hurts? Yeah.
Hey, Danny, that was
an impressive tackle.
Like what they do it at U-H.
Those tickets are mine, Steve.
Get up.
You'd better be
right about this, Commander.
How you doing?
Good, yeah, good.
The governor just,
uh, shut down Five-O,
but I'm all right.
What did you tell him?
Everything.
Okay, you see, that was
your first mistake,
you understand?
All right, on top of being
too competitive,
you're also too honest.
Look, we screwed up
this time, Danny, okay?
It's my fault; we went too far.
Oh.
Okay, this is your...
your pity party.
Is it a personal invite only
or can anybody else attend?
Can I come, too?
It's nobody's fault.
We did what we had
to do, that's it.
I know. I just hope Max gets
that blood work done
and pulls a match.
If he doesn't, we're
never gonna see Chin again.
So, what, uh, what was it, huh?
You were jealous?
Man, jealous of what?
Of Vicky trading up.
Finding someone better than you.
What'd she do?
She call you up
and tell you to beat it?
I knew I should've
never gotten involved.
Lesson learned.
Good Samaritan always
gets screwed, doesn't he?
"Good Samaritan," is that you?
You the Good Samaritan?
What are you talking about?
Vicky was a sweetheart, dude.
Hey,
whenever I was working the door,
she was constantly
bringing me drinks,
taking care of my friends.
She was down like that.
So she comes to me, like,
maybe three months ago,
and she's mad.
Mad like I never seen.
And she straight-up
asks me if I'd lay
the beat-down on
somebody for her.
I told her, "Sure."
Lay a beat-down on who?
I don't know who.
She just told me when it
was time, she'd called me.
Okay, and that call
came last night?
She asked me if I would
meet her down at the hotel.
Dude was staying in room 1215.
Okay,
but she went upstairs
without you. How come?
Man, when that call came in,
I was way on the North Shore.
I was in Haleiwa.
But I told Vicky,
I said, "just wait for me
"in the hotel lobby.
Might take me awhile,
hey, but I'll be there."
But by the time I got there,
she was gone.
So then you just went
upstairs to look for her.
Yeah, man.
I knew something was up.
So I jammed up to the room.
I even checked the door.
Hey, but the door
was locked.
I left.
And that's it.
That's not it.
You ran from us;
why'd you run from us?
I'm a two-striker, man.
I got a house full
of hunting rifles.
I knew damn well sure I was
gonna be going
down for something.
All right.
Vicky, did she say
who the guy was, what he did
to piss her off,
why she wanted you
to beat his ass?
Did she say what his name was?
No, you know, she did
mention something.
She mentioned that this guy
had messed with her sister.
Amanda?
Yeah, Amanda.
We believe your sister
went up to a room
to confront someone.
Someone who may
have hurt you.
Do you have any idea
who that might be?
No.
I don't.
Amanda, the room was booked
by a company called
Garlin International.
You know anyone
who works there?
Oh, my God.
This-this is my fault.
Oh, my... I think
I'm going to be sick.
Amanda, slow down, it's okay.
Why don't you just
tell us what happened.
Who works at Garlin?
I did...
but I quit over a year ago.
Why did you quit?
I was just a researcher.
But there was...
There was this executive.
He used to fly in
from New York.
He was...
sophisticated and charming.
He-he spoke Italian
and French and Russian.
I was, uh...
impressed.
So I went out with
him a few times.
But, um...
This one... this one night,
in his hotel room,
I-I found a-a ring
by the bathroom sink.
And you didn't know
he was married.
Not only was he
married, his...
wife was the CEO's daughter.
When I... I found the ring,
I tried to leave.
He wouldn't let me.
He forced himself on me.
So, the baby...
When Vicky found out,
she was...
She wanted me to go
to the police.
She was... so angry.
But the humiliation
and the agony-- I just...
Couldn't go through with it.
No.
Vicky...
she just...
She couldn't let it go.
I'm really sorry to put
you through all this.
But you said to me
that, um...
That you wanted me to punish
the man who did this?
You remember that?
And I want to do that.
You got to give me a name.
Dmitri.
His name is Dmitri Vonakov.
Dmitri Vonakov is M.I.A.
I checked all the hotels,
Garlin's local offices, nothing.
According to TSA,
he flew in on Garlin's
private plane
two days ago.
The plane's still here.
Yeah, and there's
no record of him
leaving by boat
or commercial airline.
People don't just disappear;
I mean, he's got
to be here somewhere, right?
So, I just talked to
the valets at the hotel.
A town car with diplomatic
plates came to pick up
a guest meeting Vonakov's
description at 10:15 last night.
That's right around the time
our vic was discovered.
Okay, hang on,
diplomatic plates?
Headed where?
The valets don't know,
but the first three letters
of the plate were D-Y-R.
So, D is for
diplomat, and Y-R
is the State
Department's
code for Russia.
Russia, right?
Okay, hold on.
So, Vonakov was born
in Moscow;
he's a Russian citizen.
He's hiding
at the Russian Consulate.
You must be mistaken.
I've known Dmitri Vonakov
for over 20 years,
since we attended university.
He is no murderer.
Technically,
Consul Shepkin,
he's a murderer and a rapist.
And you have proof of all this?
Aside
from the sworn statement
of the woman he raped?
Dmitri is a wealthy man.
Women target him all the time.
Listen, no offense,
but I'm done wasting time.
So, why don't you
bring Vonakov out here.
We'll take a blood sample,
and then we'll go.
I don't understand.
You don't?
Okay, uh, you see,
our victim, she has blood
under her fingernails.
Now, if your buddy is
innocent like you say he is,
have him come out here,
we'll take a sample,
and then we will clear
his name once and for all,
and then we move on.
So, you think
that Dmitri is here?
Oh, one of your cars
picked him up
from the hotel last night,
so, yeah, we know he's here.
Well, it's true that he does
stay at the consulate
when he's in town on business
from time to time,
but that was last night.
He's gone now.
Gone where?
I'm his friend,
not his babysitter.
You're a bad liar.
He's here.
We're gonna search
every inch of this place
until we find him.
In Hawaii...
...this is Russian soil.
How can you defend
a guy like that?
He just raped a woman,
and he killed her sister.
We're done, gentlemen.
Since when do you
speak Russian?
Oh, I, uh, I worked a Russian
mob case in Brighton Beach.
All I learned how to say was,
"Back off, we're cops,"
and "this vodka tastes like urine."
Huh.
He's in there.
Now, listen to me,
even if we can prove that,
we will never get
a blood sample.
As long as Vonakov's in there,
we can't touch him.
Okay,
so we drag his ass out.
Governor Denning.
Good to see you again.
I'm sorry it's not
under better circumstances.
Consul Shepkin,
you have my apologies
for the actions
of my Five-O task force today.
I saw some
of the damage on the way in.
The damage is done.
All I ask is
that justice be served.
It will be.
I'll assure you of that.
I'd like to see Lieutenant
Kelly now, please.
Of course, this way.
Sir...
I don't know what he told you,
but let me explain.
Thanks.
I've had enough
of that today.
You see, over the
last two hours,
I've had to explain your actions
to two senators,
the attorney general, the
American ambassador to Russia.
They were harboring
a murderer and rapist.
Dmitri Vonakov
is innocent
until proven guilty.
The consul is right.
And if I were you, Lieutenant,
I'd be more concerned
with the charges you happen
to be facing,
like trespassing,
destruction of property,
assault and battery,
espionage, oh,
and let's not forget
bringing a radiological
weapon onto Russian soil.
This is nothing short
of an act of terrorism.
And my government insists
that the lieutenant
be appropriately punished.
Weston, this better be good.
Hey, cuz, you in position?
Yeah.
All right, we're good
to go when you are.
Hey, FYI, I just got a text.
You won those ukulele lessons
at the auction.
Cool.
Give them to Malia for me.
Stop! Hands in the air!
What is this? What happened?
They got Chin.
He didn't make it to the exit.
Sir!
Evacuate the grounds now. Now!
Security was tighter
than we thought.
They were right
on top of him.
Wait, wait.
- Look, it worked.
- They're evacuating.
It's Vonakov.
Okay. All right.
Guys, we've got him!
They're in a town car
headed out the gate.
We have diplomatic plates.
It is Delta, Yankee, Romeo,
zero, zero, niner.
Hey!
Hands up, driver.
Hands where I could see 'em.
I'm on a diplomatic mission
from the Russian government.
You cannot stop this car.
Okay. We know Vonakov's
in the car.
So you either hand him
over to us,
or we come in there,
and we take him, all right?
It's your choice.
You cannot search this car.
Get out of the car, Vonakov!
Come on!
Turn around.
Hey, driver, hands up!
I'm not done with this.
Vonakov!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
I got him!
Steve?
Steve?!
Open your eyes.
Come on.
Vonakov-- is he dead?
- No. EMTs say he's gonna make it.
- You all right?
Yeah. We gotta get a blood
sample from Vonakov now,
while he's not protected,
you understand?
Get it over to Max, prove
that he killed Vicky Chase.
All right. I'm on it.
Okay. All right.
I'll call Max
and let him know it's
on its way, all right?
Okay, Danny. Good.
"The utmost discretion."
The governor's
gonna love this one.
Don't worry about that.
I'll take care of the governor.
Sorry, miss, but I need you
to step outside.
Okay.
Code Blue to the ER,
Room 4.
Thank you, Weston.
Um, I expect a full
debriefing later this afternoon.
Understood?
Good.
Well... I'm sorry,
Consul Shepkin.
I'm afraid this has been...
a terrible misunderstanding.
A misunderstanding?
Yes. Apparently, the barrels
in Lieutenant Kelly's van
are empty and
completely harmless.
They were seized at a raid
earlier this morning at the docks.
Why... why didn't you just tell
me this before, Lieutenant?
I thought it best
to keep my mouth shut,
let the lawyers
work it out, sir.
Well, you could have
at least explained
to the Russian Consul how
the van's brakes went out
on the way to
HPD impound.
Could have saved us a
whole lot of trouble.
You are absolutely right.
I am so sorry, Governor.
Your task force attempted
to kidnap a Russian citizen.
This is an
international incident.
How far do you want
to push this, Consul?
Because the evidence is back.
Your friend, Mr. Vonakov,
killed Victoria Chase,
which means you are harboring
a murderer, and you
lied to us about it.
That makes you
an accessory.
You want to play the
"international incident" card? Fine.
But you might want to get
all the facts straight.
You know, before you make
that call to mother Russia.
Uncuff him.
You're not getting off
that easy.
♪
Hey.
I'm, uh... just getting ready
to get out of here.
What's up?
Oh, um, I have
something for you.
Two things, actually,
but consider the first one
a Valentine's gift.
Okay.
U-H season tickets?
How'd you get these?
When you and Danny
were arguing,
I snuck in and I
outbid you both.
And I'm giving them
to you, since, um...
since I won't be able
to use them anymore.
What are you talking about?
The second thing
in that envelope
is my letter of resignation.
The governor.
Yeah. He gave me a choice.
And he asked me, uh,
whose side I was on--
the state of Hawaii's
or Five-O's?
I said, "Both."
He said, "Wrong answer."
Here, you can
have this back, okay?
Because I don't accept
your resignation.
And I'm gonna go, and I'm
gonna talk to the governor,
and I'm gonna straighten
this whole thing out.
No, Steve. It's okay.
He's right.
He's got a point.
I mean, the governor put me
on this team to be
his eyes and ears.
He said there'd be repercussions
if we crossed the line.
Which we did.
Repeatedly.
I'm really...
...sorry.
This is my fault, Lori, and...
No.
If anything, it's my fault.
Honestly, I...
I let things slide
because, uh...
because of my...
my feelings for you.
And the rest of the team,
of course, but, um...
Yeah, I... I let
a lot of things slide.
What are you
going to do?
You gonna go back
to Homeland Security?
Yeah. I'm gonna
go back East.
My family's there,
and my friends are there.
It's for the best.
This is good-bye...
Is this good-bye?
Is that what we're doing,
we're saying good-bye right now?
Yeah. I guess it's good-bye.
I'm gonna miss you.
Hi.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Aw...
Whoa, what happened
to you? Are you okay?
- Oh, this?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Another, uh,
another day at the office.
You know how it is.
So... what's all this?
It's chocolate.
It's Valentine's Day. You said
you were good with chocolates
on Valentine's Day.
That's very funny.
Right.
Yeah. Come in.
So, uh... what's with
the bag and the uniform?
I felt bad that our weekend
got blown up by a case.
And, uh...
I figured since I was due
for my reserve drill,
I'd put in a request to, um,
to do it on the Enterprise.
Really?
Yeah, with you.
Huh.
You know, that's, um...
so much better than chocolate.
I thought you'd like that.
Yeah.
Now, you know that you will
also be doing your reserve
with about 3,000
other sailors, right?
So, we're not gonna get
a whole lot of time together.
Right.
Yeah... but, um...
it's a really long flight.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org